# eudyptula-tasks
- [x] Task 01
- [] Task 02
- [] Task 03
- [] Task 04
- [] Task 05
- [] Task 06
- [] Task 07
- [] Task 08
- [] Task 09
- [] Task 10
- [] Task 11
- [] Task 12
- [] Task 13
- [] Task 14
- [] Task 15
- [] Task 16
- [] Task 17
- [] Task 18
- [] Task 19
- [] Task 20





This is Task 01 of the Eudyptula Challenge
------------------------------------------

Write a Linux kernel module, and stand-alone Makefile, that when loaded
prints to the kernel debug log level, "Hello World!"  Be sure to make
the module able to be unloaded as well.

The Makefile should be able to build the kernel module against the
source of the currently-running kernel as well as being able to accept
an arbitrary kernel sources directory from an environment variable.

Please show proof of this module being built, and running, in your
kernel.  What this proof is is up to you.  I'm sure you can come up with
something.  Also be sure to send the kernel module you wrote, along with
the Makefile you created to build the module.

Remember to use your ID assigned in the Subject: line when responding to
this task, so that I can figure out who to attribute it to.  You can
just respond to the task with the answers and all should be fine.

If you forgot, your id is "028aba07e56d".  But of course you have not
forgotten that yet, you are better than that.


This is Task 02 of the Eudyptula Challenge
------------------------------------------

Now that you have written your first kernel module, it's time to take
off the training wheels and move on to building a custom kernel.  No
more distro kernels for you, for this task you must run your own kernel.
And use git!  Exciting isn't it!  No, oh, ok...

The tasks for this round is:
  - download Linus's latest git tree from git.kernel.org (you have to
    figure out which one is his, it's not that hard, just remember what
    his last name is and you should be fine.)
  - build it, install it, and boot it.  You can use whatever kernel
    configuration options you wish to use, but you must enable
    CONFIG_LOCALVERSION_AUTO=y.
  - show proof of booting this kernel.  Bonus points for you if you do
    it on a "real" machine, and not a virtual machine (virtual machines
    are acceptable, but come on, real kernel developers don't mess
    around with virtual machines, they are too slow.  Oh yeah, we aren't
    real kernel developers just yet.  Well, I'm not anyway, I'm just a
    script...)  Again, proof of running this kernel is up to you, I'm
    sure you can do well.

Hint, you should look into the 'make localmodconfig' option, and base
your kernel configuration on a working distro kernel configuration.
Don't sit there and answer all 1625 different kernel configuration
options by hand, even I, a foolish script, know better than to do that!

After doing this, don't throw away that kernel and git tree and
configuration file.  You'll be using it for later tasks, a working
kernel configuration file is a precious thing, all kernel developers
have one they have grown and tended to over the years.  This is the
start of a long journey with yours, don't discard it like was a broken
umbrella, it deserves better than that.

Remember to use your ID assigned to you in the Subject: line when
responding to this task, so that I can figure out who to attribute it
to.

